and iben ryn is also a
mythical animal M A what kind of EU is not e in
Lithuanian mythology it is a hybrid of a pig and a
dog peak
dog
Hmm unusual never heard of such a thing yeah well in
Lithuanian I am from Lithuania and I
profess the Lithuanian traditional religion
and there is one of the mythical  total
animals - this is a pig dog peak dog
o sy Let's
say it again sy
let's chat Let's get it about the World Cup you communicate with Yes in
principle About anything Understand I have a
call sign And what does this mean Well for you
and me this is a call sign
just
what a  what exactly in Lithuanian mythology
is this a hybrid of a pig and a
dog peak
dog unusual never heard of such Well in
Lithuanian I am from Lithuania and I
profess the Lithuanian traditional religion
and there one of the mythical languid animals
is a pig dog kgn is a pig
in Lithuanian ryn is
this is a pig dog it turns out with a
pig's head it depicts this animal and the
rest of the
dog
To be honest, I imagined something. That's
exactly what's mixed up, namely the boar, the
wild one, which is exactly what you know, like the
Boar, there are more names like that,
and the wolf, there is also yes, Well, that's not it,
here's the Kaba, he depicts it differently.
Well, it's clear that from ancient records it's not  the
drawings arrived so there is also a boar and a
wolf Yes because they are in
Lithuanian mythology Yes these pika dogs They are very
aggressive they attacked people
sometimes ate them well in short very
scary and the forces of good they fought with these pika
dogs in Lithuanian mythology
always Well, I don’t know, I always That’s precisely to
mythology, precisely to all these
tales I’ve always treated it somehow, well, I ca
n’t say that I believe them completely,
but I don’t strive to
deny them, that is, there are quite a lot of
stories that have outgrown  at one time in
mythology, namely from ancient stories in
terms of That's exactly all sorts of mythological
animals there I don't know everything else, that
is, like, that's it, that is,
let's say my
position is still more a little bit
to believe this, that this is
once upon a time there existed Well, I will
say more as a person who practices the
modern Lithuanian religion Yes, the ancient one
I believe that these entities have not
gone anywhere They still exist and
they still come in the dark time of
day that's what they say in Lithuanian
Believe me they  in the dark they can
gather in a pack and attack
sleeping
people Well yes, in principle if we take as a
basis these two animals exactly then they will
turn out that they are exactly
pack animals that boars that wolves so
therefore it is quite completely
calm  can you tell me what city are you from
I understand Voronezh And in Voronezh you
also have a fox
Honestly, it’s not in
my hometown, so to speak, not in the
city in which I currently live, I honestly have
n’t gone into depth
and in terms of what  like that's exactly it, I
don't want to offend anyone Because I've
always been neutral about it,
I'm an atheist That is, I don't say I don't
believe it, but I don't deny it, let's say it
exists Yeah  the thing is that yes
Look the thing is that I uh by
education Yes I am an ethnologist I study uh
folk art mythology of different
peoples Yes that's why I
defended my doctoral dissertation at the University of
Kaunas Yes and by the way here in Voronezh on the
territory of the Voronezh region Bryansk
region Belgorod this  train so
there are uh also certain ones of their own uh
if you watch Koshchei Baba Yaga these are more
Finno-Ugric characters they are Vologda
region here Arkhangelsk region from there so they
came to Yes in Voronezh region there
were never any fairy tales about Koshchei and Baba
Yaga uh but these
uh analogue peak  dogov in the Lithuanian tradition
Yes there is Voronezh in Voronezh met in
fairy tales if you can uh in childhood read
uh there was such a writer Leo Tolstoy And there
was Nikolai Tolstoy he collected
collected
fairy tales of the peoples of the Russian Empire and in the
Voronezh region
uh collection at Not because well I do it  I
was studying I was just writing a dissertation on the
central part of Russia and so on and so forth
and he had  fairy tale collected I can't
say now exactly in which district of the
Voronezh region I remember exactly that from
Voronezhshina so about the mythical beast with a
pig's head there was no indication or
it was a dog
Yes but there was a creature with a pig's head Yes
in Lithuanian We know for sure that it is a pig
dog  this is a hybrid of a pig and a dog, a
clear peak dog Yes, in the Voronezh region there
are also tales about some
werewolf or I don’t know how Yes, with a pig’s
head, he also comes, he comes, eh,
with the sunset, he comes from the east,
that is, the Sun, according to the tale, from the east to the
sunset  the west is leaving like this and
the less Light, let's say, the greater the
probability of its appearance, these
suggest certain thoughts because
if, let's say, both there and there were
certain moments when the
existence was mentioned even Let's say in the
legends of this creature, this already suggests
thoughts that about  that as if it
apparently once
existed Well yes because
people in different territories could not come up with the
same
character yes yes
here you can also bring  another thing is that
people colonized anyway,
to put it simply, they traveled
between different cities and countries, there
were different lands, namely
kingdoms and everything else, it turns
out that they were still
travelers. Travelers,
storytellers, bards, as it was told before,
that's how they could tell
these are the stories when they ever
heard them so that therefore it is quite
something that it could even
colonize like this from one part there for
example to
another by the way in many of these fairy tales
in different European nations Yes these
pig-dogs they attacked
some people were killed, some were eaten, and
some were taken prisoner and made
their slaves or made them,
like, warriors, so their memory was erased,
something like that, what about
sucking, this is a biorobot, yes.
Now we are talking about a biorobot. Yes, it
wasn't like that in fairy tales before.  you can even take into account
something a little different in the Egyptian
history, so to speak, there are such facts
when I will not talk specifically about
shamans who used dark magic and
everything else. What happened here  in history I
will talk specifically about direct facts
When exactly a person was tortured in view of
subordinating, let's say, his mind and everything
else in view That is, it turns out that
all these moments, that is, It is quite
possible that this was not only
in view of the influence of some  physical
on the brain but also possibly mental and
possibly as if
psychological So it is quite
possible but since since as if
it would still be later If I
understood correctly the transformation It is this
biorobot in itself that is true there is no such thing that is
when these pig dogs gave out
brain Yes, he already had a person He served
pig-dogs and they attacked new
settlements Yes, they let these people already without a
brain attack a new settlement They went
like there, as they say now there
To storm Yes, it turns out in modern
language and then pig-dogs and a
gnawer of
mu entered  we can assume that it was
some kind of That's exactly not that, like, that's how it's
simply imagined that
this is here, this whole part,
namely, the Brain, starting from the frontal and
occipital bones, this is the
whole part That is, it was  that is,
at least the nervous system remained,
that is, it was some kind of
precisely pinpoint effect on
some area of ​​the brain with subordination,
perhaps, perhaps the brain remained Yes, but
simply some alkaloids were introduced Yes, and
that is, the brain was fogged up, the person
there, uh  eh let's say I was no longer thinking and
obeyed the actions and instructions of
these peak dogs Well, that's exactly what
I wanted to say, these are two options: either
some alkaloids or some kind of, I don't
know, enzymes specifically, or some kind of virus
that forced  obey or
was it a direct physical impact
on the area of ​​some part of the
brain Well, I understand that
from those described things Yes, the
peak dogs controlled people with two, that's
how I'm highlighting it as a scientist Yes, if you
highlight the essence of all these tales, yes  these are
two fear and ideology fear and ideology
fear E that a person let's say peak dog
will be put in jail so
conditionally modern if we say yes yes that
is and this fear led under the root of this
peak dog and go to fight against other
villages like  to capture for peak dogs and the
second is peak dogs they are
pressing the world is the world of peak dogs
and the whole world should belong to peak
dogs and then the Kingdom of Heaven will come
Well, like that well that's it
right that's how it already
sounds more like a separate some kind of
Dead-end branch  in the religion that they
could present in view of some individual
points that they
cited, that is, regardless of the presence of
any idols or anything else
there, gods, for example, even if they existed at that
time, if this is to
put it simply, let me  to philosophize I
took the
horses it could have been just a suggestion
exactly as you said
ideology and the thought that it
turns out that you are our slaves we are your
so to speak masters and you must
obey us Yes the thing is that uh very
interesting yes In many fairy tales that are
now being filmed Yes there is a
main monster Yes there is a main monster
that controls everyone and in
our Lithuanian epic and in the
Russian one where Voronezh is, Bryansk is also
present  this is the main peak dog yes that is the peak dogs Monster So well the main peak dog who lives in a protected fortress there is no way to approach him he does not let anyone near him he has security there And so on and he leads all these peaks I certainly have never encountered the dogs of their huge kingdom of this black one with such mythology. Although at one time I was quite very keen on the mythology of Ancient Rus' and even more deeply even before the time when Rus' existed. I heard about this in Narn Arabic history That's how it is I may have encountered this at some point I won't take it for sure Let's say That's exactly Yes, no, but that's it It's quite possible I even read about it somewhere but I won't take it for sure What kind of mythology were you interested in well let's say it was quite a long time ago it's hard to say I just entered on the internet the mythology of ancient ruvo that posy Ancient Rus exactly that which existed there in terms of exactly about mermaids exactly their true
the meaning of which were, let's say, because in that sense, that if Let's take them in that And by the way Well, do you remember from the mythology of Ancient Rus' that worms were once encountered worms once again that in the mythology of Ancient Rus' worms were encountered once- in fairy tales in myths and worms in my opinion I read something similar in exactly even earlier in the myths of Ancient Greece in my opinion there was something with this some kind of myth with like this look Yes why Very interesting The fact is that in the myths of Ancient Greece We all know the 12 labors of Hercules Well, yes, yes, in the myths, you can even say not Rus', but these myths they have roots in the period before Rus' and in the period of Rus' until the 10th century, there were 14 labors of madra, you know, you heard something, but no I haven't read there was no such hero in Rus' Magyar well his so I don't know what it means name because Therefore in Old Russian yes and that's it  giant worms have appeared on the territory of Rus', they dig everything, ruin people's fields, attack thinness, like this in Russian, popo, Lithuanian, like cattle, attack people, and Hungarian, hero, Hungarian, he cleared the land of these worms, like yeah, he somehow came up with some kind of uh from a purely biological point of view, this is quite possible because it was earlier, if we take biology as a basis, the existence of ancient organisms, even before the creation of the first man, let's say, before the first, let's say, sources about the existence of the first humanoid likeness of any creature, if we take here are old remains old fossils and everything else is exactly Paleozoic Well, exactly paleontologists then it is quite possible that people did not exist yes that is and these are real described And by the way in Herodotus Yes Herodotus when his travels through this Scythia this is the territory of Rus' was Yes it was simply called Scythia then traveled he also described this myth about the 14 feats of madra Ugu
Well, this means that Since it has been passed down from generation to generation and everything else, This means that this most likely existed I also think that it does exist, although in principle, it is precisely in the biological Factor I agree It may have existed But it is precisely in the sense that that's like in the mythical sense that there were people there who were almost like thunderers, I heard that recently, that's exactly on this subject, I even saw a video somewhere, I think, on this discussion I did see that it was most likely a completely different race most likely a completely different race in the sense that it had the capabilities that ancient people did not have exactly this is just like that look this is also in four feats by the way Magyar is described that is in Greek mythology Zeus the Thunderer Yes in Slavic mythology Yes in the mythology of Ancient Rus' one of the exploits of the Magyar is that he destroyed these werewolves Yes with heavenly fire yes that is  in essence he is
like Zeus Zeus metal these like they
lightning Yes and the Hungarian he made some kind of
balls Yes which he brought down from the sky
on these werewolves and the werewolves disappeared there
was such a thing too Well if we take the
basis of culture and knowledge
Well on  that moment let's call it alchemy it's
quite possible that he had
some kind of support group that
was behind him if we take
modern let's say tactical ideas
then what was behind him was simply a banal
catapult they sent at them specifically into
clay pots that were also described
in Greek mythology  I remember this for sure,
well, in Greek, the Greeks did it, what is
it called, Greek fire, yes, there is
gas there, and so on, so in the 14
labors of madras, yes, Hercules, he did
the labors on his own, yes, the Hungarians,
he has some of these warrior assistants, the
Bogatyrs, too  yes, that is, he did not
fight with all these creatures himself Yes, he had
behind his back, as you correctly said, yes,
people whom I do not know there with a catapult
not with  catapults they somehow launched these
uh there is no description specifically What these
devices were yes But what from the sky on
these on
uh werewolves Yes fell Fire wall and
destroyed them burning to the ground Well this is just the
same in principle just the same
if purely  from our point of view even now it
is possible to describe in a completely simple way
precisely clay pots
using some kind of incendiary
mixture and burning
material Cool
Cool And you yourself, like where and what are you
doing I am a
serviceman Damn, I thought you were some kind of
This is a working security guard
no Here you are  I'm right next to him I'm
just standing on the border I understand Where is the
border Well with Ukraine Well I'm in Russia
Well I'm just in Lithuania I don't know
where your border with
Ukraine is
What region is Voronezh Voronezh is where
you have these pig dogs  be It's quite
possible, here's my word, here's Ino,
sometimes it happens quite far, let's say,
from the Base, we have a distant post
located in the fields, and sometimes, by God,
sometimes it's like this  you're sitting something
like that on your phone, basically
like that, like listening to your surroundings and you
hear something,
like that, like that, with a machine gun, you go out and
check, like everything's calm, no one,
nothing, that is, well, like Do you believe that
they can exist now in Voronezh
areas pigs
dogs and prove let's say so
uh I can't but let's say so deny
that it exists as if our
modern as if science She although
can list there such Tom in
several episodes exactly that
such such such Mirko
organisms exist such such  such creatures
But I'm still sure that we are climbing
into space Although even about the earth and about the water
that feeds us on which we are, as
far as I can remember,
on 63, in my opinion, we are made of water
If  I'm not mistaken. We just have
n't figured this out yet. However, we're
climbing somewhere onto neighboring
planets. And by the way, you noticed that in
old fairy tales there was frequent consumption of
alcoholic
beverages. Yes, if we take this as the basis for the
whole story, at
least as  she there uh and on that as if something was there and honey beer drank the floor itself flowed Yes it didn't get into the mouth or into the mouth Yes that's what I'm talking about it like this look The thing is that one of the key uh let's say plot lines of many fairy tales Where pig dogs are found yes that they stole alcohol from people very much and drank alcohol became aggressive from this interesting [applause] moment I apologize for the word against drunk or not drunk drunk drunk drank black pig dogs so what thoughts can that that that that suggest this is exactly what they need they sensed this they came they took away stole it all and left by the way in the chronicle if you looked were interested in the Tale of Bygone Years the ancient Russian chronicle honestly did not go so deep into history Yes the chronicler described also a myth Well It has not been confirmed by historians, but the myth has been captured that Rus' was attacked by huge hordes of these peak dogs in quantity
140 million Well, like you thousand 140 thousand as ner wrote 140 Milne Well, how did they already happen then if it is such a huge amount Well, although at that time if you take cities exactly how it was calculated then now we have our cities for them it is whole capitals precisely by area and if we take such big cities there I don't know exactly the same one I don't know Moscow London there the same one Kyiv there for example I don't know yet in Germany the big cities exactly those Yes and in principle it's a whole for them the capital happens This means that on that territory which was then, let's say, not captured But inhabited, this means that on that territory there was enough little, it means that they had enough territory for this to get rich to such a quantity But if in addition it is 140 mlv Well, the thing is that the peak dogs, they captured more and larger territories, converted people to their ideology, sucked out the bridges for them, and made 140 million, uh, and people about brainless, and the peak dogs together, that is, uh  the chronicle does not
divide or is it 140 million exactly peak
dogs Yes but this population of this peak
dogs is just for
me even It is difficult to
imagine that at that time there
was such a huge
number of people because even if we
take We are already in the twentieth generation
something there If  I'm not mistaken so that we
alone happened If it turns out let's say
so mom then it turns out I
don't know And how many for example now well
on earth I know sl and in Russia how many
people live now oh something If I'm not
mistaken from 2 to 4 billion If I
'm not mistaken  And on the earth
how much in my opinion something I just
recently looked at something in
the wound there is
The population of the earth has
yes And who are you by
education
[laughter]
mechanic
funny got it And you as a conscript or a
contract soldier not me
contract I have a friend also had  a
philologist from Russia,
his kingdom is underground, in short, he also went
on a contract in the Kursk region, he died, a
drone flew into his face,
in short, his mother said
they buried him without a head, and the Ukrainians
were showing a video on the Internet about how he got a drone  the head
is knocked off terribly by
drones I myself shot at it here
So I know how
scary it is not so But precisely morally
Yes we were already just at the moment when we were sitting
when this was already Well a
fairly large number flew through us
I will not say the exact
time there flew more  DTI of us and
behind us flew And so, through us
and through us, they flew around, it turns out, from the side, we
heard from all sides, we then
released a total of I personally released
six
magazines And so, when one
flew behind it, immediately the second one flies and
this  that's when we actually
shot it down, of course, to be honest,
then this is the withdrawal, this is the
fact that my hands were just shaking, this is of
course an unforgettable
feeling. And by the way, how much do they give now,
if a drone flies like that,
how much will moms give you?
something like 7 million If I
'm not mistaken And what can she buy for these 7
million in my city,
basically a car and an apartment
or live for the
next 10 years
carefree That is, it turns out that when
Drone mom flies to you, she will buy herself
an apartment and a car there  and it will work out Well,
mentally
mythological in the car that I bought
with money from my dead son,
yes Well, yes, in essence, I don’t want to just
argue about it No, well, it’s just
life for me Look, it’s just life, like, There’s
nothing personal here Well, anything can happen
Sanya Prokhorov also wanted to
make some money Yes, but the funny thing is that, in short,
his
mother has some kind of red tape there and they still have
n't given her money for a year
because they say that he died not in the
position Yes, that's really how it is with us
if he died, let's say, before  the territory of
military operations, then we say
that he died not in, let's say, not in battle.
That is, it turns out that a drone can fly to you.
And your mother won't get millions
[laughter]
No, why?
I personally went so that the
situation wouldn't be like in  Kursk but personally to
you That's exactly it, I don't meddle in your country I do
n't need it at all I know that
an ally of the Soviet Union once lived there, which
was part of this very
Soviet Union but as if that's
exactly what lives there  absolutely
adequate
people where are you going you're going to fight
against
Ukraine I'm not going anywhere I'm in my own
country I'm
in Ukraine and you're part of the occupation
army Oh well so good the conversation started
again about politics started So we've been talking about
politics before We've been talking about all this  time they talked about Russians
well I thought to the end I hope
that it is still you who
are skipping some mythology of yours and that's all
I'm a dol
Lolo Okay okay for the fact that you did it like that
wait don't Switch for the fact that you
did it like that
here's respect to you for  the fact that you did it like that,
respect
2 billion Russians
what kind of Streamer are you or what, mom won't get it,
nothing, jaga-jaga
It was just a bomb Here, even
commenting only spoils, like, squeak,
comment and send everyone, especially Hungarian,
letter to my Telegram right now, axis VN,
apok, ce  very and very important YouTube is busy with
us through scarg Orcs in your ban and  I
don't show a lot of videos to people sometimes I don't
show information about streams That's
why we Mali's operational links
are written right now and while there are in Telegram
OKM videos there are also interesting and useful
information and we will oblige you to keep the
current operational links
independently in order to show you the process
YouTube Slava ukrai shis